It's going to be boring, but I'll keep going after watching it.
Today we are going to announce that Meng Mengdan still wants to be the president of the federation.
Can you put some kind of eye shadow under it?
I'm sure it's a room.
What do you think about your attendance?
You don't want to look at the weather first before looking at your whole life, right?
But you came out just to make yourself famous in the market.
Then it is your desire to have two beauties walking together.
There is nothing in this thing.
You two have such a good relationship.
I announce that the Yitiao Federation was established today.
Conducted multiple inspections
The actual battle of the Maritime Academy
Determine true destiny alliance
Ex-officio President of Maritime Federation
Return this Mary's intention to me
So far, we still can’t wake up from the Harry alliance.
not qualified
But the noble chairman of Maritime Affairs